---
title: 发一个我见过最好用的JS无限级目录类（无限级目录树）
author: admin
excerpt: |
  Functions<br />
  add()<br />
  Adds a node to the tree.<br />
  Can only be called before the tree is drawn.<br />
  <br />
  id, pid and name are required.<br />
  <br />
  Parameters<br />
  Name Type Description <br />
  id Number Unique identity number. <br />
  pid Number Number refering to the parent node. The v...
layout: post
permalink: /posts/20070130-84.html
categories:
  - 脚本语言
tags:
  - javascript
---
Functions  
add()  
Adds a node to the tree.  
Can only be called before the tree is drawn.

id, pid and name are required.

Parameters  
Name Type Description   
id Number Unique identity number.   
pid Number Number refering to the parent node. The value for the root node has to be -1.   
name String Text label for the node.   
url String Url for the node.   
title String Title for the node.   
target String Target for the node.   
icon String Image file to use as the icon. Uses default if not specified.   
iconOpen String Image file to use as the open icon. Uses default if not specified.   
open Boolean Is the node open. 

Example  
mytree.add(1, 0, &#8216;My node&#8217;, &#8216;node.html&#8217;, &#8216;node title&#8217;, &#8216;mainframe&#8217;, &#8216;img/musicfolder.gif&#8217;);

openAll()  
Opens all the nodes.  
Can be called before and after the tree is drawn.

Example  
mytree.openAll();

closeAll()  
Closes all the nodes.  
Can be called before and after the tree is drawn.

Example  
mytree.closeAll();

openTo()  
Opens the tree to a certain node and can also select the node.  
Can only be called after the tree is drawn.

Parameters  
Name Type Description   
id Number Identity number for the node.   
select Boolean Should the node be selected. 

Example  
mytree.openTo(4, true);

Configuration  
Variable Type Default Description   
target String true Target for all the nodes.   
folderLinks Boolean true Should folders be links.   
useSelection Boolean true Nodes can be selected(highlighted).   
useCookies Boolean true The tree uses cookies to rember it&#8217;s state.   
useLines Boolean true Tree is drawn with lines.   
useIcons Boolean true Tree is drawn with icons.   
useStatusText Boolean false Displays node names in the statusbar instead of the url.   
closeSameLevel Boolean false Only one node within a parent can be expanded at the same time. openAll() and closeAll() functions do not work when this is enabled.   
inOrder Boolean false If parent nodes are always added before children, setting this to true speeds up the tree. 

Example  
mytree.config.target = &#8220;mytarget&#8221;;

演示：[URL=http://blog.eaxi.com/upload/dtree/]http://blog.eaxi.com/upload/dtree/[/URL]

下载：[URL=http://blog.eaxi.com/upload/dtree.zip]http://blog.eaxi.com/upload/dtree.zip[/URL]